Release 1.0.0 alpha.2 (#58)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/magento2/graphql.md

title: Magento2 GraphQL schema
---

Front-Commerce aims at making Magento developers productive by allowing them to work with what they know from Magento.

In order to achieve this, our goal is to expose as much [Magento’s GraphQL schema](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/graphql/) as possible in Front-Commerce.
We follow evolutions in Magento core very closely, and aim at including the new stable parts of this schema in Front-Commerce **as soon as they match the parts we’ve developed over the years in terms of feature, performance and stability**.

This section details what is available so far.

<blockquote class="info">
  Please note that it relies upon the [GraphQL modules remote schema](/docs/advanced/graphql/remote-schemas.html) support from Front-Commerce.
  We recommend to have at least a basic understanding of how it works if you know Magento’s GraphQL schema and would like to find yourself at home in Front-Commerce!
</blockquote>

## Enable Magento2 GraphQL module

Front-Commerce supports both Magento 2.2 and 2.3 versions.
For this reason, GraphQL support for Magento is not part of the default Magento2 [meta module](/docs/advanced/graphql/meta-modules.html).

> To enable GraphQL support for Magento 2.3+, you must register the `server/modules/magento2-graphql` module in your application.

Reviewer: Why did we need 2.3.1? Was it only to ease the declaration of public configs in Magento's schema?

Author: This feature was not that useful before https://github.com/magento/graphql-ce/pull/182 for specific developments indeed.

To do so, add the following line in your [`.front-commerce.js`](/docs/reference/front-commerce-js.html) file:

```diff
// .front-commerce.js
module.exports = {
  name: "Front-Commerce",
  url: "https://www.front-commerce.test",
  modules: [],
  serverModules: [
    { name: "FrontCommerceCore", path: "server/modules/front-commerce-core" },
-    { name: "Magento2", path: "server/modules/magento2" }
+    { name: "Magento2", path: "server/modules/magento2" },
+    { name: "Magento2GraphQL", path: "server/modules/magento2-graphql" }
  ]
};
```

> **Restart your server**, and you must now see the additional endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Restart your server**, and you should now see the additional endpoints.
```

## Store configurations

The public store configurations are available under the `Magento2GraphQL_storeConfig` query.

Example:

```graphql
{
  Magento2GraphQL_storeConfig {
    timezone
  }
}
```

> See [the related Magento DevDocs page](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/graphql/reference/store-config.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the related Magento DevDocs page](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/graphql/reference/store-config.html) to learn which configurations are exposed by default in Magento's schema.
```

Do you know if there is some doc explaining how to add new configurations in Magento? It would be great to document it here.
